The additive group of rational numbers (#1100)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/strict-inequality-integers.lagda.md

reflects-le-right-add-ℤ z x y =
  is-positive-eq-ℤ (left-translation-diff-ℤ y x z)
```

> ### An integer `x` is positive if and only if `le-ℤ zero-ℤ x`

Reviewer: I don't see why you wouldn't prefer:

```suggestion
### An integer `x` is positive if and only if `0 < x`
```

Author: I do prefer this. I was not sure it was ok, or if I should have written `<-ℤ` , which didn't look as nice; so I went with `le-ℤ`.

```agda
module _
  (x : ℤ)
  where

  abstract
    le-zero-is-positive-ℤ : is-positive-ℤ x → le-ℤ zero-ℤ x
    le-zero-is-positive-ℤ = is-positive-eq-ℤ (inv (right-zero-law-diff-ℤ x))

    is-positive-le-zero-ℤ : le-ℤ zero-ℤ x → is-positive-ℤ x
    is-positive-le-zero-ℤ = is-positive-eq-ℤ (right-zero-law-diff-ℤ x)
```

> ### An integer greater than a positive integer is positive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If an integer is greater than a positive integer it is positive
```

```agda
module _
  (x y : ℤ) (I : le-ℤ x y)
  where

  abstract
    is-positive-le-positive-ℤ : is-positive-ℤ x → is-positive-ℤ y
    is-positive-le-positive-ℤ H =
      is-positive-le-zero-ℤ y
        ( transitive-le-ℤ
          ( zero-ℤ)
          ( x)
          ( y)
          ( I)
          ( le-zero-is-positive-ℤ x H))
```

> ### An integer `x` is negative if and only if `le-ℤ x zero-ℤ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### An integer `x` is negative if and only if `x < 0`
```

```agda
module _
  (x : ℤ)
  where

  abstract
    le-zero-is-negative-ℤ : is-negative-ℤ x → le-ℤ x zero-ℤ
    le-zero-is-negative-ℤ = is-positive-neg-is-negative-ℤ

    is-negative-le-zero-ℤ : le-ℤ x zero-ℤ → is-negative-ℤ x
    is-negative-le-zero-ℤ H =
      is-negative-eq-ℤ
        ( neg-neg-ℤ x)
        ( is-negative-neg-is-positive-ℤ H)
```

> ### An integer lower than a negative integer is negative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If an integer is lesser than a negative integer it is negative
```
